Source: http://tinytexts.wordpress.com/

For most people, stealing shampoo or soap from a hotel room is not a serious crime. Some even think it's ok to help themselves to the towels. A couple of newlyweds from Oregon, U.S.A went a little too far.  They tried to steal everything including the sheets, pillows and paintings.  However, they didn't get away with it. Staff grew suspicious when the two guests refused to settle the bill for a pay-per-view movie by saying their room didn't have a TV. When a member of staff went to check the room, he found that the Tv was, in fact, missing.  That's because it was with the rest of the stolen goods in the trunk of their car.

How many mobile phones have you had in your life and what do you do with the old, broken ones?  Most people throw them away.  In fact, digital waste is a growing problem for society. Dutch designer Dave Hakken has come up with an amazing idea to reduce such waste.  The Phoneblocks concept is a mobile phone made up of little blocks that can be replaced when they stop working.  This means that you can keep your phone forever and just replace the broken parts.  You can also build the ideal phone for your personal needs. The designer is trying to spread the word about his idea.  His goal is to find 50,000 supporters so that the mobile phone industry will take notice.

Do you feel anxious when you can't update your facebook profile, read your emails or tweet?  If so, you may be suffering from FOMO.  A new survey says that 56% of people suffer from FOMO when they stay away from social networks. The term has recently entered the Oxford English dictionary.  It stands for 'fear of missing out'. The dictionary definition is "anxiety that an exciting or interesting event may currently be happening elsewhere, often aroused by posts seen on a social media website". 27% of those who participated in the survey admitted that checking their social media feeds is the first thing they do when they wake up.  More than a quarter said they would give up cigarettes or reality TV in exchange for social media but the good news is that only 3% would give up sex.

The nation which created Nutella, has invented a brand new delicacy to have on toast: spreadable beer.  The sweet beer-perfumed jelly is the result of a partnership between an Italian brewer and an Italian chocolate maker. You can purchase a jar for just under Â£8 at Selfridges.   According to their website, the spread is excellent with cheeses and can be used as a garnish or stuffing for tarts and cakes.  No information is provided about the alcohol content so it's hard to say whether it would be a safe choice for breakfast.

A Canadian family has decided to spend a year living as if it was 1986.  Blair McMillan was concerned that his kids spent too much time indoors with technology.  He wanted them to experience what it was like when he was growing up.  That means no I-pods, mobile phones or Internet.  If they need information, they have to go to the library and look up an encyclopedia. For entertainment, they have a VHS player to watch movies and cassette tapes to listen to. When travelling, they use only paper maps and have to wait to have their photos developed. The family dress in vintage clothes, have 80's hairdos and the dad has a true Magnum PI moustache.  So far, Blair says his family talk more and are much closer.

Weddings are usually expensive, but a couple from Scotland has proven that you can get married on a tight budget.  Georgina Porteous and Sid Innes spent only £1 on their big day.  They didn't have to pay for the venue, a barn behind their house.  An aunt made the cake and the guests brought their own picnic.  The groom wore a suit he had bought years before and the bride bought her second-hand vintage dress online for a pound. Even the rings were free: they were hand-made from antlers found in the garden.  The couple chose this type of wedding as part of a self-sufficient life-style.  It was a huge saving if you consider that the average wedding in Britain costs £20,000.

Buying gifts can be tricky at the best of times, but what do you buy when the U.S. president comes to visit? Barack Obama has released a list of gifts received by his family from World Leaders in 2011. The list includes a description of each gift, an estimate of its value and the reason for accepting, which was usually to avoid causing embarrassment. The most expensive present was a blue mask sculpture in a red box, given by the president of the tiny West Afrian country, Gabon. It is worth over $52,000. Other gifts include rare football jerseys from Australia and Brazil, a Maori weapon from New Zealand, golf clubs given by Angela Merkel and loads of French designer gear from French president Sarkozy. British prime minister, David Cameron even threw in a Union Jack chew toy for the Obamas' dog.

If you can't stand ironing, there's great news you.  Wool&Prince have invented a shirt that you can wear 100 times before it needs to be washed and ironed. It is made of a type of wool that doesn't wrinkle and fights off nasty odours too.  The company used a group of testers who wore the shirt while backpacking, clubbing and working out. However, it always stayed fresh and clean, even after one tester crumpled his up and left it in his rucksack all day.  At just under 100 dollars, it's not  exactly  cheap, but just think about the time you will save, not to mention the reduction in your laundry expenses.

ircuses in England will be banned from using wild animals in their shows from 1 December 2015.  Strict regulations have also been introduced to improve conditions of working animals until the law is changed.  This means that if you go to the circus, you will no longer see lions, tigers or elephants performing for the crowd. Many people consider this to be cruel and have been campaigning against it for years. They argue that the animals spend too much time travelling in their cages and that brutal methods are used in training them. Sadly, the ban does not include domestic animals, like horses and dogs.  This is apparently because they are used to conditions like travelling.

Thanks to the social web, it's now easy to save and make money by sharing everything you own with strangers.  Lyft allows you to cut down on travel costs by giving or getting a lift somewhere.  At Couchsurfing, you can rent out your spare bedroom for the night or find a place to sleep when you visit another city. Neighborgoods will let you share your stuff with neighbours, like lawnmowers, drills or even cat carriers.  Universe aims to tie all of these services together and become a global sharing community.  In most cases you can read reviews about who you share with, but trust is an important element.  If you can trust a stranger, you have a lot to gain.

Research at the University of San Diego has revealed that employees in a 'green' building are more productive than people who work in a standard building.  Of course, a 'green' building is not just painted green:  it is built and maintained with attention to its environmental impact.  The presence of green plants in an office is known to lower stress levels.  Other studies show that the colour green also has a positive impact on work.  Last year, German researchers found that just looking at a green rectangle for a couple of seconds boosts your creative output by 20%. Green has strong associations with nature and growth and bringing the outdoors in can make people more relaxed. So, if you want to increase productivity in your workplace, go green.

Shetland ponies have been recieving a lot of media attention recently and they certainly deserve it.  First, they starred in a campaign to attract visitors to their native country, Scotland.  They were photographed in a beautiful setting wearing wooly cardigans.  More recently, a moonwalking pony was featured in a video ad for the mobile phone company '3'.  The star of the video, called socks, only stops dancing when a farmer drives past in his tractor. Shetland ponies, which originate from the Shetland Isles, are hardy animals with heavy coats and short legs.  They were originally used for pulling carts, but now it is more  common to see them giving rides to children.  They are occasionally used by blind people instead of guide dogs.

A new Twitter App, launching in March will allow you to communicate with your friends and relatives after you die.  The tagline of the new service, called Liveson, is "When your heart stops beating, you'll keep tweeting".  It allows you to plan in advance the tweets that will be published after you pass away.  A similar facebook app, called Ifidie has been around for some time.  It allows you to leave a video message for your loved ones. Some people might find this new trend a little morbid. Perhaps, in the near future, social media will be populated by digital ghosts.

A completely digital library, with no real books, is set to open in Texas.  The Bibliotech is going to look more like an Apple Store than a traditional library. People will be able to download e-books onto their own devices and borrow e-readers.  Fans of e-books argue that they are extremely convenient as they can store thousands of books. Of course, there are still many book-lovers who are convinced that nothing can take the place of a real book printed on paper. It may be unrealistic to expect the traditional library to survive, but perhaps a hybrid version, which offers both e-books and paper ones would keep everyone happy.

The Happy Egg Co, which specializes in free-range eggs, has invented an automatic pancake machine just in time for Shrove Tuesday.  The device consists of a range of household objects including an old gramophone, an electric mixer and, of course, a frying pan.  The process starts when the hen lays an egg.  The egg is then carried along a conveyor belt.  Next, it is cracked open and mixed with the other ingredients.  Finally, the mixture is poured into the pan, cooked and flipped onto a plate.   The device is not for sale: it's going to be exhibited at London's Design Museum in the near future. In any case, pancakes are fun and easy to make by hand.